Create user story docs for Isolated Networks and Device Reboot Requests (#55)
camaraproject/NetworkAccessManagement: documentation/API_documentation/IsolatedNetworks_User_Story.md

| **Item**                     | **Details** |
|------------------------------|-------------|

> | **Summary**               | As a property manager or service owner, I want to create, modify, and delete logically isolated network configurations on operator-managed network access devices (such as gateways or mesh Wi-Fi), so that I can securely segment networks for tenants, guests, or IoT devices, ensuring privacy and easy reconfiguration. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Summary**               | As a property manager or service owner, I want to create, modify, and delete logically isolated network configurations on API provider-managed network access devices (such as gateways or mesh Wi-Fi), so that I can securely segment networks for tenants, guests, or IoT devices, ensuring privacy and easy reconfiguration. |
```

> | **Roles, Actors and Scope** | **Roles:** customer:user <br> **Actors:** Service owners, property managers, IoT integrators, network operators.  <br> **Scope:**  Order to Activate (O2A) - Create isolated networks with Wi-Fi access details (SSID, security mode, password). Configure which devices host these networks. Modify or delete existing networks as tenancy or use cases change. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Roles, Actors and Scope** | **Roles:** customer:user <br> **Actors:** Service owners, property managers, IoT integrators, API providers.  <br> **Scope:**  Order to Activate (O2A) - Create isolated networks with Wi-Fi access details (SSID, security mode, password). Configure which devices host these networks. Modify or delete existing networks as tenancy or use cases change. |
```

> | **Pre-conditions**        | 1. The API consumer is onboarded with the API provider and has received access credentials with proper scopes (e.g., `isolated-networks:write` and `devices:write`).  <br>2. The service owner has one or more operator-managed devices installed at the premises.  <br>3. The network operator has implemented the NAM API with support for isolated network configuration. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Pre-conditions**        | 1. The API consumer is onboarded with the API provider and has received access credentials with proper scopes (e.g., `isolated-networks:write` and `devices:write`).  <br>2. The service owner has one or more API provider-managed devices installed at the premises.  <br>3. The API provider has implemented the NAM API with support for isolated network configuration. |
```
